welcome to module 3 lesson 1 prospecting
in this module we're going to cover how
to scale outside of paid search
campaigns in the Google ads Universe I
always say Google ads is a blessing and
a curse you're blessed with intent and
cursed with scale no matter how much you
vertically or horizontally scale your
search campaigns eventually you're going
to hit a wall because there's only so
many people going to Google and
searching for things thankfully though
we have eight other campaign types we
could launch within the Google ads
Universe such as performance Max display
shopping video app Smart hotel and
demand gen campaigns when it comes to
acquiring net new customers for B2B I
recommend and found the most success
with video and dimension campaigns
previously known as Discovery video
campaigns allow you to serve ads on
YouTube and demand gen campaigns allow
you to serve ads on Youtube Gmail and
discover the key to making these
campaigns successful for prospecting is
custom audiences let's jump right into
the gads manager and show you how they
work okay so I'm here in the Gad manager
manager and just to briefly show you all
the options you have within the go
Universe to scale outside of paid search
when you create a campaign you can see
all of the different options here so
I've got performance Max search display
shopping video demension app Smart it's
dramatic how many options you have
available in terms of campaign types you
could potentially scale like I mentioned
Google ads blessing curse bless with
intent curse with scale no matter how
hard you try to push the gas on your
keywords eventually you will hit a wall
depending on what you're what you're
trying to bid for so this is where you
need to start to think outside of search
so you can start to expand through all
these other options now like I mentioned
in my experience video and demand gen
I've seen the most success with so
YouTube campaigns and demand gen
campaigns so you can use custom
audiences to fuel these campaigns so if
we navigate to the audience manager I'm
going to actually just show you really
quickly and we talked about this earlier
but we can use YouTube audiences we can
Target website visitors app users
customer list all these targeting
options that we talked about when we
mentioned rlsa broad Discovery these
same audience targeting options are at
your disposal for using in demand gen
and YouTube so it allows you to get in
front of the same person from a
different campaign type which usually
has a dramatically lower Associated cost
per click we actually uh did some pretty
significant analysis on YouTube
specifically and we found the average
cost review for YouTube ranges from
about 5 cents per view to 30 cents per
view and when it comes to view on
YouTube you're only charged per view if
somebody watches at least 30 seconds of
your ad which is insane so this is where
you can start to think about these other
campaign types leveraging different
audience segmentations to scale outside
of paid search specifically within the
Google ads Universe I recommend testing
different custom audiences around your
top converting non-brand keywords
competitor names and brand terms here's
what a prospecting campaign could look
like in terms of audience targeting for
YouTube and demand gen so if you go back
here into the audience manager and you
navigate towards custom segments we can
use custom segments to Target people who
are actively searching your dream
keywords that you're bidding on on
Google through things like demension and
YouTube or video which is really cool so
for example I can come here and I can
Target people people who search specific
terms on Google which is mindblowing
right and now like going through the
example of like let's say you're paying
$100 per click because you're bidding on
CRM software as an example
uh instead of paying $100 per click on
just anybody searching that what if you
got in front of the same person
searching serum software for $100 per
click but instead of paying $100 per
click you paid 5 cents per view because
now you're targeting through YouTube
campaigns using custom
segments wow I know insane please like
this video share at conversion with your
friends or colleagues and leave us a
testimonial if you're finding value but
that alone can be dramatic for you
depending on who you are watching this
so this is where you can start to
Leverage custom audiences again
non-brand competitive all those
different themes that we talked about so
far for custom segment targeting for
your prospecting campaigns outside of
paid search as you know each of these
campaign types can have their own
dedicated courses so if you're
interested in learning more about
YouTube or demand gen campaigns let us
know in our public course roadmap Linked
In the description below your action
item for this lesson is to build a
custom audience of your top converting
non-brand keywords I hope you've
received a ton of value so far please
share AC conversion with your colleagues
leave a testimonial or help us spread
the word on LinkedIn or social I'll see
you in the next lesson
[Music]